You guys are slow!
Still too slow!
Give it your all!
The sun will set soon!
Swing your arms more
and put your feet forward!
Okay!
Raise your voice more!
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Episode 3: Tanjiro is Fully Recovered
and Taking the Hashira Training!)
One! Two!
Without improving your basic fitness,
you won't be able to move on
to the next stage!
Perfect the basics!
The fundamentals!
If you're this weak,
there's no way you'll be able to
take Shinazugawa and Kanroji's training.
How sloppy.
Forgive me!
Hell...
This is hell.
Even if we get out of here,
another hell is waiting.
Stand up!
Get yourselves together!
Geez...
Uzui!
Well, if it isn't Kamado!
Long time no see!
Likewise.
It's been a while.
I'm glad to see you doing well.
Even if you say so,
look at my state now.
I heard you fought against
the Upper Ranks again.
Lucky you, your body is
still completely intact.
Thanks to you too,
I managed to survive.
You're welcome.
And here, it's time to wake up
that sluggish body of yours!
Yes! I'll do my best!
Oh my!
Heya!
Tanjiro!
Finally, you came.
How have you been, everyone?
Thank you for the last mission.
No need to be so formal.
We're the ones who are grateful.
Your face looks better.
Yup! You've got the face of a man.
You guys need to eat more!
If you don't eat, the afternoon
training will be even harder!
I'll increase the amount of training
for whoever leaves food.
We'll finish the food!
Please give me too.
Here you go!
Eat a lot, okay?
Thank you. I'll eat!
If you don't finish your food,
Sir Tengen will give you extra training!
You have a night patrol duty
tonight, right?
Yeah.
Wanna switch with me?
No way.
If you have night patrol duty,
you're allowed not to take
training in the morning.
Geez...
The demons really haven't
been appearing lately.
Even so, the nights are still
kinda scary though.
I heard the demons are searching
for that Nezuko girl.
It's just speculation.
Because nobody has asked
those demons directly.
Well, that's true, but...
I hope they just stay shut
and disappear like this.
It won't be that easy.
The demon slaying has been
continuing for a thousand years.
Hey, where are you?
They might be appearing
in the back alleys like this.
Don't screw around!
Sorry, sorry.
Don't do that again.
Let's do the patrol properly.
Yeah.
(Four)
All right!
Let's do the next training!
Pair up, a team of two!
Let's go!
So fast!
Come on! Show me what you've got!
Do we need to have that much stamina
to fight the Upper Rank Demons?
The Upper Ranks must
be really strong, huh?
Yeah, they're unbelievably strong.
How was it?
Let me think.
Before I knew it, whump!
I was already on the ground.
I wasn't dead yet and I could react,
but when I stood up again...
And bam! I got attacked again.
Then, it's like, bwooosh!
When my brains didn't get any oxygen...
I know, I know, enough.
There are worlds that we ordinary
people just can't understand.
All right!
It's the last training for today!
Let's see...
Today, it will be that mountain!
Run around that mountain once
and come back!
What?!
Keep dawdling and
you won't get any dinner!
Come on! Run! Get up quickly!
Getting tired just from this
won't make you better!
Sir Tengen seems cruel on the outside.
But he's actually gentle on the inside.
The other day, he didn't even eat
until the last member returned.
In the end, he went all the way to
the mountain to pick up that member.
I can hear it all, you know?
No way I'd crush the Corps members
entrusted to me by the Master.
Right, right.
Well then, I'm going too.
Good. Go and come back pronto.
Those who became Hashiras are
actually kind-hearted deep down.
Mister, give me one more!
All right!
I'm almost at my limit.
But if I don't win this,
I can't keep my promise to the Master.
In order to make Giyu cooperate
with everyone,
I have to do my best.
I order one more.
All right!
You said I have to participate
in the training if I lose.
Does that mean, if I win,
I don't have to participate?
Uh, well...
Here you go.
You too.
Mister, give him one more.
All right!
This is my last portion.
In other words, if you can finish
the next extra portion, you'll win.
With that, I will participate
in the Hashira Training,
and you'll be satisfied, right?
Yes! Glad to hear that!
Then, finish your portions.
I will!
Giyu should be able to eat more, but...
But even so, this is tough.
Really tough!
I'm late.
I also just arrived a moment ago.
So, how's your training
with the members?
I don't think they will be useful when
fighting against the Upper Ranks.
Same here.
Still, nurturing the Corps members
is the Master's will.
Yeah.
Why did you call me at this hour?
I've always been wondering.
That matter in that castle?
We believed that we cornered
those demons.
However, all of them managed to
disappear somewhere.
All those demons,
gone in an instant without a trace.
Yeah.
I've been thinking about it ever since.
What lies beyond that door?
Is it the demons' hideout that
we don't know about?
Hideout, huh?
I've investigated that castle
several times,
but I couldn't find anything.
Right around that time, the demons
in the city suddenly disappeared.
So it's true their target is
Kamado's sister.
There's no doubt.
Something big might be about to start.
No matter what is it, I'll end it all.
For the Demon Slayer Corps,
perhaps this is an omen of misfortune.
Training the slayers keeps
my mind distracted.
When I calmly read the situation,
I can't help but be conscious
of what lies ahead.
This calm could be...
...the calm before the storm.
It's pointless to say whatever it is.
I have a suggestion for you
I have one as well.
Let me say it first.
Fight me!
What a coincidence.
I was about to say that too.
I'll put it here.
Thanks, Tanjiro.
Drink it.
It's high-grade Gyokuro green tea.
Good for relieving fatigue.
I see.
Thank you very much.
It's delicious.
Tanjiro, we wanted to thank you again for
saving us at the Entertainment District.
Thank you.
Eh?
We're really grateful.
Don't be.
It wasn't my strength alone.
You, your sister, the boar boy,
the yellow-head boy...
And of course, Sir Tengen.
If we were less even one person,
we wouldn't be able to see the sun again.
I didn't think Sir Tengen
and the three of us
could come back alive together.
It was truly a miracle.
Hinatsuru.
I'm sure that Sir Tengen actually
still wants to fight.
He often talks in sleep
in the middle of the night.
He's been blaming himself
for withdrawing.
Tanjiro, make sure to defeat
Muzan Kibutsuji.
Yes, I will.
Listen up carefully, all of you!
We're canceling the usual long-distance
run around the mountain for today.
Instead, we'll have a special training
session based on real combat.
Let's head into the mountain!
We always fight demons at night.
That's why we have to improve
our skills to fight in the dark.
Strain your eyes in the darkness,
and sense what you can't see.
I'll be a demon from now on.
A demon who will eat you.
Try to survive against me.
And for you, Kamado.
Your role is to defeat me while
protecting your comrades.
Hey, he's coming! He's close!
I can't see anything!
I expect nothing less from Uzui,
a former ninja.
I can't track his presence by scent.
Where? Where's Uzui?
Uzui!
It... It's impossible.
We can't fight a Hashira.
Are you going to say that too
when fighting a demon?
Uzui, a former Hashira, can see through
any half-baked movements completely!
Gather! Stay close to me!
Back-to-back, and don't leave
any openings!
Slow! You guys are slow!
So slow!
Way to go, Kamado.
This much strength
even though one-handed.
Uzui's really amazing.
Come on! Strike me more!
Okay!
Incredible...
He's going toe-to-toe
with a former Hashira!
So this is the fighting between those who
have survived battles against Upper Ranks.
You've gotten stronger, Kamado.
Everyone!
Finally, it's getting interesting!
Come at me!
You got beaten up against
me who has retired.
Geez, not even pretending to be tough?
We just can't.
Fighting a former Hashira is too much.
Hey, hey, I didn't train you guys
to scare you.
I know!
But I have hope that Hashiras and Kamado can
defeat Upper Ranks or even Muzan Kibutsuji!
Me too.
I agree!
Same here!
We'll do our best so that someday
we can support them, even if just a little!
I'll train and become strong!
We'll become strong!
You guys...
One! Two! One! Two! One! Two!
They will become tougher
in their own way.
You have nothing left to do here.
You can go.
Got it.
Sure, we defeated Upper Ranks.
But nothing's gonna end until
we defeat Muzan Kibutsuji.
I leave it to you.
Okay. I'll definitely defeat him.
Tanjiro, do your best in the next site.
May we meet again in the next
training place, everyone!
Kamado! We trust you!
We'll catch up with you later!
I'm going, and thank you.
Yeah, stay well.
Good luck!
Take care!
See you later!
We've arrived! We've arrived!
Work hard.
I can't take it anymore.
What are you saying?
If you can't do this, you'll get
eaten by demons in no time.
Tokito.
Imagine this is a real combat,
you already died three times.
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
This time I'll tell you about Uzui.
I'm already retired as a Hashira.
If you're gonna introduce me to them,
do it as flamboyantly as possible.
Okay!
Let's start the Taisho period secret.
His hobby is looking for
hidden hot springs.
Apparently, he healed his wounds there after
the battle at the Entertainment District.
So plain.
At least say something like, "He soaked
with his three lovely wives."
I see. I learned something new.
Because I love them more
than anyone in the world!
Sir Tengen!
What a wonderful family.
Next up on Episode 4:
"It Makes You Smile"
(To be continued)